now more than ever before people are
worried about the economy they're
worried about their jobs and they have
very good reason to believe this that
there is more concern coming up and that
the good days they are behind us you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video I'm going
to show you what's going on at a deeper
level I'm going to give you several
examples of it show you what the biggest
corporations are doing as a result of
all of this and then what's going to
happen in the end this is extremely
important I have been thinking about
this a lot and I want to bring it to you
in this video it will come full circle
at the end so stay tuned with this first
the hottest issue of the Year 59% of
respondents to this particular poll said
that the most important issue in the
United States is the economy and of
course when everything is so crazy
expensive and you know it you know
exactly what I'm talking about it's not
just one thing or the other and people
will say you know what if fast food is
too expensive I'll just stop buying fast
food or I'll instead of going once every
week I'll go once a month and all that
but then you go to the grocery store and
those prices have come up and then you
go and you get your bill in the mail and
wait a second my insurance has gone up
oh wait a second my power prices have
gone up one two three they all start
adding up and people start saying
wait a minute and they look for
solutions they ask their government to
deal with it it's that group of people
it's this group of people we need to
have this resolved but I'm here to tell
you why the solution that's going to be
proposed to you is a universal basic
income this is something that most
people the vast majority of people are
going to take why because it's free
money they're going to offer to you
there's no question about this that they
are going to do so just like in Canada
they had
cerb and this was during 2020 everything
shut down if you qualify no problem
here's $2,000 for you and then on top of
that just like in the United States
there were different programs if you
have a child you get this much if you
have two children you have this much if
you're married if you're single all
these different things you meet the
criteria you get a certain amount of
cash but Ubi is a different level to
that Universal basic income basically
means everybody gets the same amount no
longer do we have to administer all of
this no filling in forms all of this
it's a very simplified process
administering it is cheaper and as a
result of that they can give more money
to the people in that respect it's good
there's just one problem though Ubi it's
going to be likely to be connected in
with the Central Bank digital currency
and the the reason they do this is
because there's a lot of people that are
unbanked and when you're unbanked you
can't just get access to this in the way
that others would unless you have a
simple internet connection we could send
it through and that's when things change
but there's another aspect to this
because as Things become
unaffordable who's buying them if we are
talking about the assets of the world
well then who is buying them that's the
question for you I'll reveal that at the
end of this video but I think you might
have a good idea put it down in the
comments below and let's see by the end
of the
video if you were correct about that
okay let's look at this growing Food
Bank lines are a sign that Society has
lost its way a groceries an essential
benefit would help most vulnerable
citizens that's right 9 million
Canadians worry about where their next
will come from 9 million the
population's 40 million and 9 million
are food insecure isn't that shocking to
you like yeah you can
blame one guy or the other or whatever
it's going on all over the
place nearly a quarter of Canadians
report going without food compromising
on the quality of their groceries or
being worried about where their next
meal will come from that's it's
heartbreaking and this is the type of
thing that we we shouldn't see but what
has happened you devaluate the currency
and of course you get what you're what
we're dealt at this point right this is
the handw de McDonald's and other fast
food chains are charging more so uh so
much so that you might want to consider
going for a slightly slower burger or at
least that's what Applebee's wants you
to think about you can get our burger
for
$9.99 why would you take a $10 burger
that you can eat out of eat out of a bag
in your car and that's a good thing
right that they're saying look they're
they've become so expensive that there
are other options now I've never had
Applebees I don't know about that uh is
it better it's probably better than a
McDonald's burger I don't know but the
point
is we are seeing the prices of certain
things pushed up so high that they hit
the ceiling there is a point at which
regular stuff hits a ceiling and then
you get pushed back from the consumer
when it comes to assets though it's a
little bit different that doesn't mean
that you know there isn't a ceiling
there um but I'll I'll explain why okay
it's different Walmart to lay off and
relocate workers retailers cutting
hundreds of corporate jobs asking sub
staff to move to large corporate hubs
and this is what we've seen with so many
different corporations it's not just
Walmart it's not just in the tech
industri and finance it's all over the
place Tesla laid off a huge amount okay
it's going on in every industry right
now they are cutting back they are
scaling back a little bit tightening
their belts as best they can okay that's
what's going on here and now and
companies are increasing fees like crazy
um all my Amazon sellers in the room
know what's going going on they're all
increasing fees they're all increasing
everything that they can they're trying
to squeeze squeeze squeeze that's
usually a very bad sign of what's coming
next and you could see it ownership
Society so business Equity the top 1%
owns the overwhelming majority but then
you go to the very well last second last
one there principal residence the bottom
90% the whole Point here is that what
I'm trying to show you is the the
richest of the rich people they own all
different types of assets the stocks and
the bonds and the real estate and the
you know anything however when it's
coming down to the average person
basically the the only asset they have
is their primary residence all right and
that's uh a problem when your primary
residence is too expensive expensive to
purchase so now you see where I'm going
with this the asset prices are becoming
too expensive for people to purchase the
average person the middle class person
I'm not talking about the poor people
that are struggling we know that and
that's getting worse but now we move up
middle class they can't afford that
anymore so now what happens well you're
going to have a grand disparity unlike
anything we have ever seen before why
you should embrace using cold water
almost all the time heating water
gobbles energy leading to higher utility
bills and that's what they tell you
that's what if you remember at the Time
Prince Charles he said snub the tub the
guy who has I believe the number is
122 servants at that time I wonder what
he has now
122 servants working for him he told you
to snub
the tub you you can search that
online and that's what they think of you
don't use hot water don't use a basic
essential thing like hot water you are
so low that you don't even deserve to
heat your water you have to understand
the thinking behind this and the value
that you are
to basically the government and and
those
above you like when people say well I
want my government to do this and I want
my government to do that they don't even
want you to heat your
water do you like can you grasp that and
you say no no you know what we need to
do we need to vote this government out
and we need to vote another one in no no
the structure is the
problem the whole structure there's
nobody there there's nobody there that's
going to help you all
right and the fact that there is a 100%
guarantee that every single Department
all the way down to the local levels
will spend not only will they spend 100%
of the money they're given but they'll
spend even more than that if they can
why because if they don't spend it all
they don't get it the following year and
so they're always just going to spend
everything and never like hey fourth
quarter's coming up we got a couple
months left at the end of the year let's
dig up that road again anybody know
anybody Canadians here or any of them
been to Canada you know the
401 just see the 401 what happens every
year they dig it up and they put it
right back where it where it began okay
because they have the money to spend
they don't want to actually develop and
create progress that's not what they
want they want to dig up the road and
have the guy just put it right back
where it was it's done un purpose it's
not on
purpose you can see what's happening
with with the consumers they're
struggling price stability is obviously
an issue okay then we have this Services
no longer required which jobs are most
at risk cashiers although some of these
places they've started to walk back on
the cashiers but we know we know what's
what's going on okay if somebody was to
ask me is like what career should I not
choose I would put cashier at the top of
the list I mean it's just simple matter
of fact right uh that's just the way it
goes so you could look at the next you
got secretaries and administrative
assistants Office Clerks customer
service Representatives these things
we're we're getting technology to to
eliminate those who you know that this
is the case there's there's a lot of
people employed in these jobs what are
they going to do how are they ever going
to afford so maybe they get they leave a
cashier cashier job and they move to
another thing or whatever um if they
were a cashier before you assume they're
not uh you know they couldn't work as a
programmer for open AI for instance
right so where are they going to go how
are they ever going to afford the assets
well let me tell you something
Blackstone making 10 billion multif
family purchase going on the real estate
offensive this is not just the only one
I shown you so many I've there's so many
of this okay the big companies like
Blackstone this is the one I was telling
you I I would show you in the
end Big Stone uh
Blackstone Black Rock all these
different big big companies they are
buying up all the assets before the it
was the case of these type of companies
buying up the big multifam properties
and then they rent them out very typical
right cuz there's 300 units in this
property 500 units in this property
massive property which would have to be
owned by one of these you know Mega
corporations right multi-billion dollar
corporations makes sense but now what
they're doing is they're buying the
single family homes and they're going to
rent them back and there are
subdivisions and subdivisions of all of
these they know what's going on they see
the writing on the wall people can't
afford it and so there will be a
corporation there to buy it up you will
own nothing and be happy sing it with me
sing it with me you will own nothing and
be happy look we got to make it uh you
know a little bit light if we can this
is the scenario that's going on today we
have to do everything that we can we can
ease the burden ease the burden as best
we can um but of course we are always
going to be uh fath with the music that
if they're going to devalue that
currency look if it's let's say I was in
the US and I'm using a US currency
because that's legal tender so the
employer is paying me well I don't have
a choice right they're paying me in that
now I have to take that I got to pay my
bills and so on what's left at the end
of it I got this little bit well what do
we do with that bit I think more
importantly what do we do with our time
that we have that time that SLI of time
we have to make use of that and in that
period of time you know that's really
what makes the biggest difference it
really is and you don't make the biggest
difference in one night or in two or in
a week or or or even a month you make
the difference a little bit every single
day over an extended period of time
that's the only way you can do it or at
least that's the only way I've been able
to do it okay there's no question about
it you could sit there and you could say
I'm tired I need to relax and so I'm
just going to do nothing I'm just going
to watch some TV or whatever well if
your
circumstances are on the wrong path the
only way logically the only way to get
out of that is to completely change what
you're doing and what you have control
over that's it so start to make those
changes es today I've got information on
my website I teach people how to build
an online business and how to expand
this unlike any there's nothing like
this okay there is nothing like that I'm
part of as many groups as I possibly can
be a part of paid ones free ones and I'm
telling you right now what I have built
on the Sunday business live does not
exist right so I hope that you will join
that all right I'm taking people right
from Ground Zero and helping them to
grow and uh that's the thing I'm
becoming most proud of I want to give a
shout out all the Sunday business live
people check the link in the description
at the top just check it out read
through it see if it's of any interest
to you and I'll see you tomorrow take
care